{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1
\deff100\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl
{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fmodern Courier New;}
{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}
{\f100\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f101\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f111\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f112\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f113\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f114\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f115\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f102\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f103\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f104\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f105\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f106\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f161\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f162\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f163\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f164\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f165\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f166\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f107\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f171\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f172\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f173\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f174\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f175\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f176\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\s0\sb60\sa60\widctlpar \f100\fs20\kerning28\qj \sbasedon0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb60\sa60\widctlpar \f101\fs20\kerning28\qj \sbasedon0 Body;}
{\s11\widctlpar \f111\fs20\kerning28\qj \sbasedon1 Short line;}
{\s12\sb30\widctlpar \f112\fs20\kerning28\qj \sbasedon1 Bullet;}
{\s13\widctlpar \i\f113\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon1 Quotes;}
{\s14\sb60\sa60\widctlpar \f114\fs20\kerning28\qj \sbasedon1 Hanging list;}
{\s15\sb120\sa120\widctlpar \f115\fs20\kerning28\qj \sbasedon1 Definition;}
{\s2\widctlpar \f102\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0 Table;}
{\s3\widctlpar \f103\fs16\kerning28 \sbasedon0 Preformatted;}
{\s4\widctlpar \f104\fs16\kerning28 \sbasedon0 Diagram;}
{\s5\widctlpar \f105\fs16\kerning28 \sbasedon0 Code;}
{\s6\sb240\sa120\widctlpar \b\f106\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0 All Headings;}
{\s61\sb240\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f161\fs28\kerning28 \sbasedon6 Heading 1;}
{\s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f162\fs24\kerning28 \sbasedon6 Heading 2;}
{\s63\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f163\fs24\kerning28 \sbasedon6 Heading 3;}
{\s64\sb180\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f164\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon6 Heading 4;}
{\s65\sb180\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f165\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon6 Heading 5;}
{\s66\sb180\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f166\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon6 Heading 6;}
{\s7\widctlpar \f107\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0 All TOC;}
{\s71\sb60\widctlpar \b\f171\fs22\kerning28 \sbasedon7 TOC 1;}
{\s72\li200\sb30\widctlpar \i\f172\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon7 TOC 2;}
{\s73\li400\widctlpar \f173\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon7 TOC 3;}
{\s74\li600\widctlpar \f174\fs18\kerning28 \sbasedon7 TOC 4;}
{\s75\li800\widctlpar \f175\fs18\kerning28 \sbasedon7 TOC 5;}
{\s76\li21000\widctlpar \f176\fs18\kerning28 \sbasedon7 TOC 6;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs32 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}
{\*\cs33 \additive \f5\fs20\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
}
{\info
{\title Converted from "config.txt" on 23-Feb-2004 by [[PROGRAM]]}
{\operator AscToRTF auto-convert}
{\creatim\yr2004\mo1\dy23\hr20\min46}
{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}
}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade
\fet0\sectd
\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
\par{\pard\plain \s1\sb0\sa0\tqr\tx6325 {\strike\tab}\par}
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Microsoft Windows 98 Second Edition 
README for MS-DOS Config.sys Commands 
April 1999 
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
\par{\pard\plain \s1\sb0\sa0\tqr\tx6325 {\strike\tab}\par}
(c) Copyright Microsoft Corporation, 1999 
\par
\par
This document provides complementary or late-breaking 
information to supplement the Microsoft Windows 98 
Second Edition documentation. 
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart how_to_use_this_document}
{\*\bkmkend how_to_use_this_document}
{\pard\plain \s63\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f163\fs24\b\i0{\ul How to Use This Document\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
To view Config.txt on-screen in Notepad, maximize 
the Notepad window. 
\par
To print Config.txt, open the file in Notepad or 
another word processor, then on the File menu, click Print. 
\par
In syntax lines, lowercase text signifies replaceable 
parameters and uppercase text must be typed as it appears. 
\par
NOTE: The Msdosdrv.txt file contains more Help for 
MS-DOS commands. Also you can type the name of the 
command at the command prompt, followed by a slash 
and question mark (/?). For example: CHKDSK /? 
\par
If you have the Windows 98 Second Edition CD, you can 
get additional help on MS-DOS commands, including 
syntax and examples. You can load the MS-DOS 6 help 
file by browsing the \\tools\\oldmsdos menu, and then 
clicking Help.com. 
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart contents}
{\*\bkmkend contents}
{\pard\plain \s63\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f163\fs24\b\i0{\ul CONTENTS\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
ACCDATE 
\par
BREAK 
\par
BUFFERS/BUFFERSHIGH 
\par
DEVICE 
\par
DEVICEHIGH 
\par
DOS 
\par
DRIVPARM 
\par
FCBS/FCBSHIGH 
\par
FILES/FILESHIGH 
\par
INSTALL/INSTALLHIGH 
\par
LASTDRIVE/LASTDRIVEHIGH 
\par
NUMLOCK 
\par
REM 
\par
SET 
\par
SHELL 
\par
STACKS/STACKSHIGH 
\par
SWITCHES 
\par{\pard\plain \s1\sb0\sa0\tqr\tx3680 {\strike\tab}\par}
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart accdate}
{\*\bkmkend accdate}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul ACCDATE\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
For each hard disk, this command specifies 
whether to record the date that files are 
last accessed. Last access dates are turned 
off for all drives when your computer is 
started in safe mode, and are not maintained 
on floppy disks by default. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
ACCDATE=drive1+|- [drive2+|-]...\par
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
drive1, drive 2...\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the drive letter. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
+|-\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specify a plus sign (+) to indicate that 
the last access date should be maintained 
for files on the drive. Specify a minus 
sign (-) to indicate that the last access 
date should not be maintained for files. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart break}
{\*\bkmkend break}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul BREAK\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command sets or clears extended CTRL+C 
checking. You can use this command at the 
command prompt or in your CONFIG.SYS file. 
\par
You can press CTRL+C to stop a program or an 
activity, such as file sorting. Typically, MS-DOS 
checks for CTRL+C only while it reads from the 
keyboard or writes to the screen or a printer. If 
you set BREAK to ON, you extend CTRL+C checking to 
other functions, such as disk read and write 
operations. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
BREAK [ON|OFF] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
To display the current BREAK setting at the command 
prompt, use the following syntax: 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
BREAK 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
In your CONFIG.SYS file, use the following syntax: 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
BREAK=ON|OFF 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameter 
\par
ON|OFF\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Turns extended CTRL+C checking on or off. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart buffers_buffershigh}
{\*\bkmkend buffers_buffershigh}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul BUFFERS/BUFFERSHIGH\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command allocates memory for a specified number 
of disk buffers when your system starts. Use the 
BUFFERSHIGH command to load the buffers in the upper 
memory area. You can use these commands only in your 
Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s11 \f111\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
BUFFERS=n[,m]\par
BUFFERSHIGH=n[,m]\par
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
n\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the number of disk buffers. The value of 
n must be in the range 1 through 99. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
m\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the number of buffers in the secondary 
buffer cache. The value of m must be in the range 
0 through 8. The default is 0 (no secondary cache 
buffers). 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
If you specify an invalid value for n or m, BUFFERS uses 
the default settings. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart device}
{\*\bkmkend device}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul DEVICE\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command loads into memory the device driver you 
specify. You can use this command only in your Config.sys 
file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
DEVICE=[drive:][path]filename [dd-parameters] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
[drive:][path]filename\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the location and name of the device driver 
you want to load. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
[dd-parameters]\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies any command-line information required by 
the device driver. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart devicehigh}
{\*\bkmkend devicehigh}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul DEVICEHIGH\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command loads the device driver you specify into 
the upper memory area. Loading a device driver into the 
upper memory area frees more bytes of conventional memory 
for other programs. If upper memory is not available, 
the DEVICEHIGH command functions just like the DEVICE 
command. 
\par
You can use this command only in your Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
DEVICEHIGH [drive:][path]filename [dd-parameters] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
To specify the region(s) of memory into which to 
load the device driver, use the following syntax: 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
DEVICEHIGH [[/L:region1[,minsize1][;region2[,minsize2] [/S]]= 
[drive:][path]filename [dd-parameters] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
[drive:][path]filename\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the location and name of the device 
driver you want to load into the upper memory area. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
dd-parameters\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies any command-line information required by 
the device driver. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Switches 
\par
/L:region1[,minsize1][;region2[,minsize2]... 
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies one or more regions of memory into which 
the device driver is loaded. By default, MS-DOS loads 
the driver into the largest free upper memory block 
(UMB) and makes all other UMBs available for the driver's 
use. You can use the /L switch to load the device driver 
into a specific region of memory or to specify which 
region(s) the driver can use. 
\par
To load the driver into the largest block in a 
specific region of upper memory, specify the region 
number after the /L switch. For example, to load the 
driver into the largest free block in region 4, you 
would type /L:4. To list the free areas of memory, 
type MEM /F at the command prompt. 
\par
When loaded with the /L switch, a device driver 
can use only the specified memory region. Some 
device drivers use more than one area of memory; 
for those drivers, you can specify more than one 
region. To find out how a particular device driver 
uses memory, issue the MEM /M command and specify 
the device-driver name as an argument. To specify 
two or more regions, separate the block numbers 
with a semicolon (;). For example, to use blocks 
2 and 3, you would type /L:2;3. 
\par
Typically, MS-DOS loads a driver into a UMB in 
the specified region only if that region contains 
a UMB larger than the driver's load size (usually 
equal to the size of the executable program file). 
If the driver requires more memory while running 
than it does when loaded, you can use the minsize 
parameter to ensure that the driver will not be 
loaded into a UMB that is too small for it. If you 
specify a value for minsize, MS-DOS loads the driver 
into that region only if it contains a UMB that is 
larger than both the driver's load size and the 
minsize value. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/S\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Shrinks the UMB to its minimum size while the 
driver is loading. Using this switch makes the 
most efficient use of memory. This switch is 
generally used only by the MemMaker program 
in MS-DOS 6.x, which can analyze a device 
driver's memory use to determine whether the /S 
switch can safely be used when loading that driver. 
This switch is used only in conjunction with 
the /L switch and affects only UMBs for which a 
minimum size is specified. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart dos}
{\*\bkmkend dos}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul DOS\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command specifies that MS-DOS should maintain a link 
to the upper memory area, load part of itself into the high 
memory area (HMA), or both. You can use this command only in 
your Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
DOS=HIGH|LOW[,UMB|,NOUMB][,AUTO|,NOAUTO] 
\par
DOS=[HIGH,|LOW,]UMB|NOUMB[,AUTO|,NOAUTO] 
\par
DOS=[HIGH,|LOW,][UMB,|NOUMB,]AUTO|NOAUTO 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
UMB|NOUMB\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies whether MS-DOS should manage upper 
memory blocks (UMBs) created by a UMB provider 
such as Emm386.exe. The UMB parameter specifies 
that MS-DOS should manage UMBs, if they exist. 
The NOUMB parameter specifies that MS-DOS should 
not manage UMBs. The default setting is NOUMB. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
HIGH|LOW\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies whether MS-DOS should attempt to load 
a part of itself into the HMA (HIGH) or keep all 
of MS-DOS in conventional memory (LOW). The default 
setting is LOW. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
AUTO|NOAUTO\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies whether MS-DOS should automatically load 
Himem.sys, Ifshlp.sys, Dblbuff.sys, and Setver.exe 
device drivers if they are not explicitly loaded in 
your Config.sys file. The default setting, AUTO, 
automatically loads these device drivers. The AUTO 
setting also automatically uses the BUFFERSHIGH, 
FILESHIGH, FCBSHIGH, LASTDRIVEHIGH, and STACKSHIGH 
commands, whether the -HIGH form of the command is 
used or not. If you specify the NOAUTO parameter, you 
must load these device drivers and use the -HIGH form of 
the above commands in order to take advantage of them. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart drivparm}
{\*\bkmkend drivparm}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul DRIVPARM\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command defines parameters for devices such as disk and 
tape drives when you start MS-DOS. You can use this command 
only in your Config.sys file. 
\par
The DRIVPARM command modifies the parameters of 
an existing physical drive. It does not create a new 
logical drive. The settings specified in the 
DRIVPARM command override the driver definitions 
for any previous block device. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
DRIVPARM=/D:number [/C] [/F:factor] [/H:heads] [/I] [/N]\par
[/S:sectors] [/T:tracks]\par
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Switches 
\par
/D:number\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the physical drive number. Values for number 
must be in the range 0 through 255. For example, drive 
number 0 = drive A, 1 = drive B, 2 = drive C, and so on. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/C\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies that the drive can detect whether the drive 
door is closed. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/F:factor\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the drive type. The following table shows the 
valid values for factor and a brief description of each. 
The default value is 2. 
\par
}}
{
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft252 
\cellx678 \cellx3200 
\keepn\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
\pard\intbl \s2\keepn\widctlpar \f102\fs20\b0\i0
{
{\qr \keepn\intbl 0\par \cell}
160K/180K or 320K/360K\par \cell
}\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft252 
\cellx678 \cellx3200 
\keepn\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
\pard\intbl \s2\keepn\widctlpar \f102\fs20\b0\i0
{
{\qr \keepn\intbl 1\par \cell}
1.2 megabyte (MB)\par \cell
}\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft252 
\cellx678 \cellx3200 
\keepn\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
\pard\intbl \s2\keepn\widctlpar \f102\fs20\b0\i0
{
{\qr \keepn\intbl 2\par \cell}
720K (3.5-inch disk)\par \cell
}\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft252 
\cellx678 \cellx3200 
\keepn\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
\pard\intbl \s2\keepn\widctlpar \f102\fs20\b0\i0
{
{\qr \keepn\intbl 5\par \cell}
Hard disk\par \cell
}\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft252 
\cellx678 \cellx3200 
\keepn\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
\pard\intbl \s2\keepn\widctlpar \f102\fs20\b0\i0
{
{\qr \keepn\intbl 6\par \cell}
Tape\par \cell
}\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft252 
\cellx678 \cellx3200 
\keepn\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
\pard\intbl \s2\keepn\widctlpar \f102\fs20\b0\i0
{
{\qr \keepn\intbl 7\par \cell}
1.44 MB (3.5-inch disk)\par \cell
}\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft252 
\cellx678 \cellx3200 
\keepn\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
\pard\intbl \s2\keepn\widctlpar \f102\fs20\b0\i0
{
{\qr \keepn\intbl 8\par \cell}
Read/write optical disk\par \cell
}\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft252 
\cellx678 \cellx3200 
\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{
{\qr \intbl 9\cell}
2.88 MB (3.5-inch disk)\cell
}\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }
}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/H:heads\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the maximum number of heads. Values for 
heads must be in the range 1 through 99. The default 
value depends on the value you specify for /F:factor. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/I\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies an electronically compatible 3.5-inch 
floppy disk drive. Use the /I switch if your 
computer's ROM BIOS does not support 3.5-inch 
floppy disk drives. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/N\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies a nonremovable block device. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/S:sectors\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the number of sectors per track that 
the block device supports. Values for sectors 
must be in the range 1 through 99. The default 
value depends on the value you specify for /F:factor. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/T:tracks\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the number of tracks per side that the 
block device supports. The default value depends on 
the value you specify for /F:factor. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart fcbs_fcbshigh}
{\*\bkmkend fcbs_fcbshigh}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul FCBS/FCBSHIGH\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command specifies the number of file control blocks (FCBs) 
that MS-DOS can have open at the same time. Use the FCBSHIGH 
command to load the FCBs in the upper memory area. You can use 
these commands only in your Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s11 \f111\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
FCBS=x\par
FCBSHIGH=x\par
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameter 
\par
x\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the number of file control blocks that 
MS-DOS can have open at one time. Valid values for 
x are in the range 1 through 255. The default 
value is 4. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart files_fileshigh}
{\*\bkmkend files_fileshigh}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul FILES/FILESHIGH\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command specifies the number of files that MS-DOS can 
access at one time. Use the FILESHIGH command to load the 
command in the upper memory area. You can use these commands 
only in your Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s11 \f111\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
FILES=x\par
FILESHIGH=x\par
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameter 
\par
x\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the number of files that MS-DOS can 
access at one time. Valid values for x are in 
the range 8 through 255. The default value is 30. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart install_installhigh}
{\*\bkmkend install_installhigh}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul INSTALL/INSTALLHIGH\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command loads a memory-resident program into memory 
when you start MS-DOS. Use the INSTALLHIGH command 
to load the memory-resident program into the upper 
memory area. You can use these commands only in 
your Config.sys file. 
\par
Memory-resident programs stay in memory as long 
as your computer is on. They can be used even when 
other programs are active. You can use the INSTALL 
or INSTALLHIGH command to load MS-DOS memory-resident 
programs. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
INSTALL=[drive:][path]filename [command-parameters] 
INSTALLHIGH=[drive:][path]filename [command-parameters] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
[drive:][path]filename\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the location and name of the 
memory-resident program you want to run. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
command-parameters\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies parameters for the program you 
specify for filename. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart lastdrive_lastdrivehigh}
{\*\bkmkend lastdrive_lastdrivehigh}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul LASTDRIVE/LASTDRIVEHIGH\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command specifies the maximum number of drives you can 
access. Use the LASTDRIVEHIGH command to load the LASTDRIVE 
data structures in the upper memory area. You can use these 
commands only in your Config.sys file. 
\par
The value you specify represents the last 
valid drive that MS-DOS is to recognize. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s11 \f111\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
LASTDRIVE=x\par
LASTDRIVEHIGH=x\par
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameter 
\par
x\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies a drive letter in the range A through Z. 
\par
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart numlock}
{\*\bkmkend numlock}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul NUMLOCK\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command specifies whether the NUM LOCK key is set to ON or 
OFF when your computer starts. You can use this command only in 
your Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
NUMLOCK=[ON|OFF] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
ON|OFF\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
If set to ON, turns on the NUM LOCK key when MS-DOS 
displays the startup menu. If set to OFF, turns 
NUM LOCK off. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart rem}
{\*\bkmkend rem}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul REM\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command enables you to include comments in a batch file or 
in your Config.sys file. The REM command is also useful for 
disabling commands. You can use a semicolon (;) instead of the 
REM command in your Config.sys file, but not in batch files. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
REM [string] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
string\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies any string of characters, for example, 
the command you want to disable or the comment 
you want to include. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart set}
{\*\bkmkend set}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul SET\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command displays, sets, or removes MS-DOS environment 
variables. 
\par
You use environment variables to control the 
behavior of some batch files and programs and to 
control the way MS-DOS appears and works. The SET 
command is often used in the Autoexec.bat or 
Config.sys files to set environment variables each 
time you start MS-DOS. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
SET variable=[string] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
To display the current environment settings at 
the command prompt, use the following syntax: 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
SET 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
variable\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the variable you want to set or modify. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
string\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the string you want to associate 
with the specified variable. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart shell}
{\*\bkmkend shell}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul SHELL\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command specifies the name and location of the command 
interpreter you want MS-DOS to use. You can use this command 
only in your Config.sys file. 
\par
If you want to use your own command interpreter instead of 
Command.com, you can specify its name by adding a SHELL 
command to your Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
SHELL=[[drive:]path]filename [parameters] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
[[drive:]path]filename\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the location and name of the command 
interpreter you want MS-DOS to use. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
parameters\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies any command-line parameters or switches 
that can be used with the specified command interpreter. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart stacks_stackshigh}
{\*\bkmkend stacks_stackshigh}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul STACKS/STACKSHIGH\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command supports the dynamic use of data stacks to handle 
hardware interrupts. Use the STACKSHIGH command to load the 
stacks in the upper memory area. You can use these commands 
only in your Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s11 \f111\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
STACKS=n,s\par
STACKSHIGH=n,s\par
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Parameters 
\par
n\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the number of stacks. Valid values for 
n are 0 and numbers in the range 8 through 64. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
s\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Specifies the size (in bytes) of each stack. 
Valid values for s are 0 and numbers in the range 
32 through 512. 
\par
\par}}
{\*\bkmkstart switches}
{\*\bkmkend switches}
{\pard\plain \s62\sb180\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \f162\fs24\b\i{\ul SWITCHES\par}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
This command specifies special options in MS-DOS. Use this 
command only in your Config.sys file. 
\par
Syntax 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
SWITCHES= /F /K /N /E[:n] 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
Switches 
\par
/K\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Forces an enhanced keyboard to behave like a 
conventional keyboard. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/N\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Prevents you from using the F5 or F8 key to bypass 
startup commands. (SWITCHES /N does not prevent you 
from pressing CTRL+F5 or CTRL+F8 to bypass Drvspace.bin 
or Dblspace.bin; to prevent this, use the D**SPACE /SWITCHES 
command to add the SWITCHES /N setting to your 
D**space.ini file.) 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
/E[:n]\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj\li360{
Used without the :n parameter, indicates that 
Io.sys should suppress the automatic relocation 
of EBIOS. (Automatic relocation of EBIOS 
increases the conventional memory available to 
MS-DOS-based programs.) Suppressing automatic 
relocation results in less conventional memory 
available to MS-DOS-based programs. Use the /E 
switch with the n parameter to relocate N bytes 
of EBIOS to low memory, where n is the number of 
bytes to be relocated. The minimum value for n 
is 48 and the maximum value is 1024. The number 
specified is always rounded up to the next multiple 
of 16. 
\par
}}
{\pard\plain \s1\sb60\sa60 \f101\fs20\b0\i0\qj{
You can find more information on MS-DOS commands on 
your Windows 98 Second Edition CD-ROM. Open the file 
\\Windows 98\\tools\\oldmsdos\\help.com. 
\par
\par
\par
 
\par}
}}
