<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="content-type" />

    <title>Distribution</title>
  </head>

  <body>
    <h1>Distribution of Naked Objects accross tiers</h1>

    <p>When Naked Objects works in a multitiered environment client requests
    to the reflection mechanism, class manager and object manager need to be
    passed across to the server for execution. This requires new object and
    class managers, and for the reflection classes to be wrapped so that they
    all forward the necessary request to the server for execution and deal
    with its responses.</p>

    <p>The following details all the request that are made by a remote
    client:-</p>

    <ul>
      <li><code>destroyObject()</code> passes accross the object's, to be
      destroyed, OID. There is no normal response, however if the object store
      cannot comply an Exception will be thrown.</li>

      <li></li>

      <li>getInstances() passes across the name of a class, a class and a text
      pattern, or a pattern object. It recieves an array of OID to the set of
      ...</li>

      <li>hasInstance() passes across the name of a class, and </li>
    </ul>

    <p></p>

    <p>The following are all ignored; they are not forwarded to the
    server:-</p>

    <p><code>NakedObjectManager.createOid()</code> throws an exception; it
    shoul never be called by the client</p>

    <p><code>NakedObjectManager.abortTransaction()</code></p>

    <p><code>NakedObjectManager.startTransaction()</code></p>

    <p><code>NakedObjectManager.endTransaction()</code></p>

    <p></p>

    <h3>Notes</h3>

    <p>It is extremely important that only one instance of any object extists,
    that is an object having a unique OID. To ensure this does not occur the
    'loaded objects' set should be checked, using the OID, before adding a new
    object to the system. If it already exists then the existing object can be
    retrieved from this set using the OID.</p>

    <p></p>
  </body>
</html>